now our special report
men are also very vain and
concern with the appearance especially
with baldness after all one in three
of them have problems with hair loss
today, more and more techniques and devices
efficiently help improve
male self esteem is what shows
Enemy of Beauty
baldness without discrimination
some one-third of the world population
almost 3 billion people
on stage are jorge aragão esbanjam
sambista charm of the wall when shot with
the study proving with insurance beyond
Talent said to sing like this
you need to feel good about your clothes with
appearance and mesmerizing matches of the day
it was silver
Jorge knows that over time it is necessary to
look further advance today
slowly the inputs are not enough
cause for concern became style
normal cloth on the head boot hat
I put a cap on but I try to go service
I also shot that person finds
Your hair sucks so people.
You have to show that the load hurts.
here is this humility of 64 years as well
lived
It's not what the fatima owner has done.
concerned about the excessive fall in
opted for washing wires - the head which is
the woman's hair is everything is not
proudly displays the photo of youth
hair full of curls of those who
attention that my husband has always
Did you like long hair, huh?
no he does not complain right owner Fatima already
tried almost everything resorted to plants
and fortune here she is a
business half a drool
then I step on the hair and leave on time
hair but has little solved and she
avoided looking in the mirror and
When you talk about it, it does not contain
is that people just look at
my head in the epic you know I have
shame on the botafogo side come on let's go
then a survey to find out what
it would be better in her case the help came
of a clinic in goiânia
the professional suggests a prosthesis
capillary
access in european countries dona fátima
accept the challenge to like the thing
I am well - known rich who
the natural threads are attached to a
micro transparent screen and only
their own visions and never used to
naturally she has and the person
who can I will fall will invent
something is swimming pool the life of the
person becomes totally normal
hydrated client hair and receives
the area affected by the
baldness and rafah of the cloud will define the
precise area of ​​application
and indispensable to maintain the trim
perfect of the children
the skin receives several layers of a glue
special and finally the prosthesis comes back
good right
the cut and brush give the final finish
in one hour
Dona Fátima regains her enthusiasm and
desire to look in the mirror
at least once a month
the prosthesis needs to be maintained by the owner
of home now was empty new visual like
if he had recovered not only his
over time but mainly
confidence joy self-esteem all of
one time will go back to someone will
ask established to raise and
regrow hair